content/faculty/thirupathi.md, before:

---
title: "Thirupathi"
date: "2020-12-10"
thumbnail: "static/img/Tirupathi-1.jpg"
---

M. Thirupathi M.Com, M.Phil, B.Ed, TN-SET, KSET, (Ph.D.), presently working as Assistant professor of commerce in Acharya Bangalore Business School. He is having more than 5 years of teaching and research experience. He has been teaching & Guiding the B.Com, B.Com (CA) BBA, M.Com students in various colleges in Karnataka& Tamil Nadu like Acharya Bangalore B-School, Sambhram Academy of Management Studies, Acharya Institute of Graduate Studies from Bengaluru & Don Bosco College(Arts & Science) Dharmapuri Tamil Nadu.  
Academic Perspectives,  
He has secured M.Com(General)&M. Phil, from Thiruvalluvar University, and pursuing a Ph.D. in Alagappa University- Karaikudi in the area of Technology Management. He also cleared TN-SET & K-SET eligibility examination which is conducted in Tamil Nadu & Karnataka. He was the Resource Person in the National level seminar in “Influence of Digital marketing in Development of Rural Youth” Organised by Don Bosco College, Dharmapuri- Tamil Nadu. He has conducted a seminar and Workshop on “Entrepreneurial Development, SPSS & AMOS, Plagiarism Free Report Reporting, Report Writing techniques”.His areas of expertise are Financial Accounting, Corporate Accounting, Financial Management, Management Accounting, Taxation, Digital Banking and Technology Management, and the like.  
Research Perspectives  
He is having 11 citations and 2 h-Index, and he has published 16 research papers in Scopus, UGC approved and leading International journals, and 10presented papers in national and international conferences. He has also participated in more than 30 seminars, conferences, FDP & workshops at the National and International Level. He is Reviewer in “Electronic Commerce Research and Applications: which is Scopus Indexed Journal, Editor in “International Journal of Commerce and Management Research”, and ReviewMember in “Journal of Emerging Technologies and innovative Research”. He is holding professional membership in“Education Research and Development Association”.

Commit message:

updated to advisory council and faculty

content/faculty/thirupathi.md, after:

---
title: Thirupathi
date: 2020-12-10
tags:
  - Faculty Directory
thumbnail: static/img/Tirupathi-1.jpg
full_description: >-
  M. Thirupathi M.Com, M.Phil, B.Ed, TN-SET, KSET, (Ph.D.), presently working as
  Assistant professor of commerce in Acharya Bangalore Business School. He is
  having more than 5 years of teaching and research experience. He has been
  teaching & Guiding the B.Com, B.Com (CA) BBA, M.Com students in various
  colleges in Karnataka& Tamil Nadu like Acharya Bangalore B-School, Sambhram
  Academy of Management Studies, Acharya Institute of Graduate Studies from
  Bengaluru & Don Bosco College(Arts & Science) Dharmapuri Tamil Nadu.\

  Academic Perspectives,\

  He has secured M.Com(General)&M. Phil, from Thiruvalluvar University, and pursuing a Ph.D. in Alagappa University- Karaikudi in the area of Technology Management. He also cleared TN-SET & K-SET eligibility examination which is conducted in Tamil Nadu & Karnataka. He was the Resource Person in the National level seminar in “Influence of Digital marketing in Development of Rural Youth” Organised by Don Bosco College, Dharmapuri- Tamil Nadu. He has conducted a seminar and Workshop on “Entrepreneurial Development, SPSS & AMOS, Plagiarism Free Report Reporting, Report Writing techniques”.His areas of expertise are Financial Accounting, Corporate Accounting, Financial Management, Management Accounting, Taxation, Digital Banking and Technology Management, and the like.\

  Research Perspectives\

  He is having 11 citations and 2 h-Index, and he has published 16 research papers in Scopus, UGC approved and leading International journals, and 10presented papers in national and international conferences. He has also participated in more than 30 seminars, conferences, FDP & workshops at the National and International Level. He is Reviewer in “Electronic Commerce Research and Applications: which is Scopus Indexed Journal, Editor in “International Journal of Commerce and Management Research”, and ReviewMember in “Journal of Emerging Technologies and innovative Research”. He is holding professional membership in“Education Research and Development Association”.
---
M. Thirupathi M.Com, M.Phil, B.Ed, TN-SET, KSET, (Ph.D.), presently working as Assistant professor of commerce in Acharya Bangalore Business School. He is having more than 5 years of teaching and research experience. He has been teaching & Guiding the B.Com, B.Com (CA) BBA, M.Com students in various colleges in Karnataka& Tamil Nadu like Acharya Bangalore B-School, Sambhram Academy of Management Studies, Acharya Institute of Graduate Studies from Bengaluru & Don Bosco College(Arts & Science) Dharmapuri Tamil Nadu.
