---
title: "Performing Arts"
date: "2020-07-13"
thumbnail: "static/img/Performing-Arts-Unleash-the-कलाकार-in-U-Launch-of-ABBS-Clubs.png"
---

 

**Registration link:** [https://zoom.us/webinar/register/WN\_S3yhzLX2RvCHccXCj-PBgw](https://zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_S3yhzLX2RvCHccXCj-PBgw)

Performing Arts-Unleash the कलाकार in &#39;U&#39; + Launch of ABBS Clubs, Date: 17 TH July 2020 About the panel discussion: Webinar Panel Discussion session on Unleash the कलाकार in &#39; U&#39; &amp; ABBS is launching its new institutional clubs online on the 17th of July 2020! Details of Speakers: · Sanjana Singh (Moderator) Sanjana Singh is a fun loving person coupled with passion towards creative poster designing, jewelry - making, travelling, reading &amp; technical writing. She finds solace in volunteering in CSR activities &amp; Mentoring. She has great Networking &amp; persuasive skills. Having a Never Give-pup attitude, she loves challenges &amp; is a multi-linguistic person. She has been an active member in Toastmaster&#39;s club. Sanjana currently works in TMI and her earlier stints were in brands like Infosys, KPIT &amp; HP. · Gaurav Nigam is a founder and director of IndraDhanush theater group. IndraDhanush has done over 100 shows across India and has been instrumental in giving the platform to more than 500 passionate performing artists. Gaurav focuses his plays on critical social issues and human emotions. His last 3 shows – Pensato (translates to Thoughts in Italiano), Esperanza (translates to Hope in Spanish) and Tresna (translates to love in Javan) has been inspired from real yet complicated life experiences with a strong message for the future. A tea connoisseur, Gaurav loves to conduct free workshops on writing and acting for theater aspirants · Aishwarya Mani is a young aspiring artiste. Under the tutelage of Padma Bhushan Guru Dr. Padma Subrahmanyam, she is now pursuing: Ø Masters in Fine Arts (M.F.A) in Bharathanatyam, from SASTRA Deemed UNIVERSITY, Thanjavur; Ø and a course in “Karanas” She is also learning Kathak and has completed Yoga Instructor Training Course. Aishwarya endeavors to increase awareness of the important role played by women in the Administration of the ancient Indian society. As a first of the series, she staged her maiden production in 2019, in Chennai – a dance drama titled “NAVARASAM -through the eyes of Draupadi”. She was recently invited in TEDxABBS to share her experience and the journey of her research work for NAVARASAM- through the eyes of Draupadi. Aishwarya is a classical dancer, choreographer, producer and intends to do experimental pieces through the vocabulary of Bharathanatyam. She is currently pursuing her Master Thesis on the theory of emotions from the ancient Indian literatures- Natya Shastra and Yoga Sutra. Aishwarya has also conducted several workshops/ lecture demonstrations in colleges. · Anjana Padmanabhan : Anjana Padmanabhan is the winner of the First ever Indian Idol Junior hosted by Sony Entertainment Television during 2013, when she was 10 years old. The show was judged by none other than Shreya Ghoshal, and music directors Vishal &amp; Shekhar, Shri Amitabh Bachanji handed her the winning memento. Prior to winning Indian idol junior she was a semi-finalist in Airtel Super Singer Junior 3 on Vijay TV - Tamil. Since then she has been consistently learning Hindustani Classical Music as a prime style from Shrimati Sangeetha Katti Kulkarni Ma&#39;am. She has performed in front of many celebrities like Priyanka Chopra, Shahrukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh, Farhan Akhtar and various senior music artists such as Shankar Mahadevan, KS Chitra , Shreya Ghoshal , Vishal Dadlani, Bappi lahri, Sukhwindar singh and many more.

Anjana was felicitated by Former Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramiah, KSCA Karantaka Ranji winning Cricket team &amp; acknowledged and awarded the “Young Achiever” and “Youth Excellence” award by Rotary, Bangalore. Her singing was also applauded overseas in places like by Ghana, Botswana , Indonesia and Dubai. To her credit, she is the owner of 26 Songs With Grammy Award Winner Ricky Kej For Unicef For A Sustainable Environmental Cause. Anjana recorded National Anthem for Ricky Kej, Grammy Award winner, for CRY Project against Child Labour and for early education initiative. She is the Brand Ambassador of International Kids Couture in Bengaluru and Chennai. She is a 12th grade student from Delhi Public School, Kanakpura branch. · Maithili is an Aashwasan practitioner. Her tryst with poetry started when she reached Aashwasan, a space where people discover their creative self and the infinite potential they are born with. As she took a journey with her deeper self, she found poetry to be her soul&#39;s expression. Always in wonderment as to how people write poems, it came to her as a surprise that poetry was expression of herself. As she says, it gives voice to her feelings, thoughts and experiences.
