content/pages/admissions/admission-faqs/index.md, before:

---
title: Admission - FAQ's
date: 2021-12-04T06:21:36.601Z
thumbnail: static/img/08-07-admission-faqs-01-banner.jpg
seo_title: Best Business School in Bangalore | ABBS | Admissions | FAQs
seo_description: 
seo_keywords: 
sections:
  - type: accordion_section
    section_id: faqs
    section_title: FAQ's
    accordions:
      - accordion_title: What is the fee structure of programmes?
        accordion_content: Our fee structure varies from programme to programme. Our
          admissions office will be happy to guide you through the fee structure
          for the programme of your choice. Please call us on +91 9141707070 or
          email us at admissions@abbs.edu.in to know more.
      - accordion_title: What is the procedure to apply for an education loan?
        accordion_content: A bank loan may be approved and sanctioned only after the
          advance payment of fees for your first semester. Following this, you
          may request us for an expenditure certificate which you can
          subsequently present to your bank.
      - accordion_title: "Does ABBS have any banking partnerships? "
        accordion_content: ABBS has partnerships with Axis Bank and Punjab National
          Bank. However, since the courses offered at ABBS are all
          AICTE-approved, you are free to avail of a loan through any government
          or private bank of your choice.
      - accordion_title: "How do I secure my admission upon receiving my offer letter? "
        accordion_content: To secure your admission, you must pay an initial deposit
          amount via a demand draft drawn in favour of ABBS. This initial
          deposit amount varies between programmes. It will be communicated to
          you via your offer letter. This deposit amount will be deducted from
          the fees due for your first semester.
      - accordion_title: "What is the deadline for the submission of applications? "
        accordion_content: Undergraduate applications are accepted until 1st July, and
          postgraduate applications are accepted until 30th August each year.
      - accordion_title: "How do I know if I am eligible for a programme? "
        accordion_content: Eligibility criteria differ from programme to programme.
          Visit Why ABBS > Programmes and click on the programme of your choice
          to check for specific eligibility requirements.
      - accordion_title: "Do I need to take an entrance exam to qualify for admission? "
        accordion_content: Undergraduate courses at ABBS do not entail an entrance exam.
          Postgraduate management courses, however, require that an applicant
          take a competitive management entrance exam to qualify for admission.
          Visit Programs and click on the program of your choice to check for
          specific eligibility criteria.
      - accordion_title: "Do you have a placement cell? "
        accordion_content: Yes. We have an active, dynamic and consistent placement
          cell. Every year, over 80% of our MBA graduates get recruited by the
          end of their two-year course. This number reaches 100% by convocation.
      - accordion_title: "Do you offer merit-based scholarships? "
        accordion_content: We offer a host of merit-based scholarships under our
          President’s Scholarship initiative; 15 at the undergraduate level and
          10 at the postgraduate level.
      - accordion_title: "When will I know my programme commencement date? "
        accordion_content: Your programme commencement date will be communicated to you
          well in advance, giving you adequate time to prepare for your
          movement.
      - accordion_title: "What arrangement can I expect for study material and other content? "
        accordion_content: Our library is well-quipped and regularly updated with study
          material and course content. However, a selection of specialised books
          may be recommended for purchase.
      - accordion_title: "Do you have a dress code? "
        accordion_content: ABBS adheres to a uniform policy. All new students are given
          uniforms which serve to be worn on all business days.
      - accordion_title: "What facilities can I expect at the hostel? "
        accordion_content: Our hostels are fitted with a range of amenities that will
          help ease you into your new environment. In addition to a
          well-equipped room holding a bed, a study table and a wardrobe, our
          hostels are also furnished with 24/7 CCTV security, Wi-Fi
          connectivity, transportation facilities, laundry rooms and
          televisions. Our mess halls serve a variety of cuisines, with both
          vegetarian and non-vegetarian options on the menu.
      - accordion_title: "What documents should I carry with me on the reporting date? "
        accordion_content: >-
          On the reporting date, you will be expected to hand over the following
          documents: 


          * Original 10 + 2 certificates from a recognised global board or council 

          * Original 10th-grade certificate, issued by a recognised global board or council 

          * Original transfer certificate 

          * Original character certificate 

          * Original migration certificate (if you are transferring in from another university) 

          * Two copies of each of the documents mentioned above 

          * 10 passport photographs 

          * 10 stamp size photographs 

          * Valid student visa (if you are an international student)
  - type: anchor_section
---

Commit message:

Update Pages “admissions/admission-faqs/index”

content/pages/admissions/admission-faqs/index.md, after:

---
title: Admission - FAQ's
seo_title: Best Business School in Bangalore | ABBS | Admissions | FAQs
seo_description: Acharya Bangalore Business School is one of the Best Business
  Schools in Bangalore | Acharya| Admission
seo_keywords: null
date: 2021-12-04T06:21:36.601Z
thumbnail: static/img/08-07-admission-faqs-01-banner.jpg
sections:
  - type: accordion_section
    section_id: faqs
    section_title: FAQ's
    accordions:
      - accordion_title: What is the fee structure of programmes?
        accordion_content: Our fee structure varies from programme to programme. Our
          admissions office will be happy to guide you through the fee structure
          for the programme of your choice. Please call us on +91 9141707070 or
          email us at admissions@abbs.edu.in to know more.
      - accordion_title: What is the procedure to apply for an education loan?
        accordion_content: A bank loan may be approved and sanctioned only after the
          advance payment of fees for your first semester. Following this, you
          may request us for an expenditure certificate which you can
          subsequently present to your bank.
      - accordion_title: "Does ABBS have any banking partnerships? "
        accordion_content: ABBS has partnerships with Axis Bank and Punjab National
          Bank. However, since the courses offered at ABBS are all
          AICTE-approved, you are free to avail of a loan through any government
          or private bank of your choice.
      - accordion_title: "How do I secure my admission upon receiving my offer letter? "
        accordion_content: To secure your admission, you must pay an initial deposit
          amount via a demand draft drawn in favour of ABBS. This initial
          deposit amount varies between programmes. It will be communicated to
          you via your offer letter. This deposit amount will be deducted from
          the fees due for your first semester.
      - accordion_title: "What is the deadline for the submission of applications? "
        accordion_content: Undergraduate applications are accepted until 1st July, and
          postgraduate applications are accepted until 30th August each year.
      - accordion_title: "How do I know if I am eligible for a programme? "
        accordion_content: Eligibility criteria differ from programme to programme.
          Visit Why ABBS > Programmes and click on the programme of your choice
          to check for specific eligibility requirements.
      - accordion_title: "Do I need to take an entrance exam to qualify for admission? "
        accordion_content: Undergraduate courses at ABBS do not entail an entrance exam.
          Postgraduate management courses, however, require that an applicant
          take a competitive management entrance exam to qualify for admission.
          Visit Programs and click on the program of your choice to check for
          specific eligibility criteria.
      - accordion_title: "Do you have a placement cell? "
        accordion_content: Yes. We have an active, dynamic and consistent placement
          cell. Every year, over 80% of our MBA graduates get recruited by the
          end of their two-year course. This number reaches 100% by convocation.
      - accordion_title: "Do you offer merit-based scholarships? "
        accordion_content: We offer a host of merit-based scholarships under our
          President’s Scholarship initiative; 15 at the undergraduate level and
          10 at the postgraduate level.
      - accordion_title: "When will I know my programme commencement date? "
        accordion_content: Your programme commencement date will be communicated to you
          well in advance, giving you adequate time to prepare for your
          movement.
      - accordion_title: "What arrangement can I expect for study material and other content? "
        accordion_content: Our library is well-quipped and regularly updated with study
          material and course content. However, a selection of specialised books
          may be recommended for purchase.
      - accordion_title: "Do you have a dress code? "
        accordion_content: ABBS adheres to a uniform policy. All new students are given
          uniforms which serve to be worn on all business days.
      - accordion_title: "What facilities can I expect at the hostel? "
        accordion_content: Our hostels are fitted with a range of amenities that will
          help ease you into your new environment. In addition to a
          well-equipped room holding a bed, a study table and a wardrobe, our
          hostels are also furnished with 24/7 CCTV security, Wi-Fi
          connectivity, transportation facilities, laundry rooms and
          televisions. Our mess halls serve a variety of cuisines, with both
          vegetarian and non-vegetarian options on the menu.
      - accordion_title: "What documents should I carry with me on the reporting date? "
        accordion_content: >-
          On the reporting date, you will be expected to hand over the following
          documents: 


          * Original 10 + 2 certificates from a recognised global board or council 

          * Original 10th-grade certificate, issued by a recognised global board or council 

          * Original transfer certificate 

          * Original character certificate 

          * Original migration certificate (if you are transferring in from another university) 

          * Two copies of each of the documents mentioned above 

          * 10 passport photographs 

          * 10 stamp size photographs 

          * Valid student visa (if you are an international student)
  - type: anchor_section
---
