---
title: "Non-Teaching"
date: "2018-03-27"
---

\[\["Sl Number","Position","Experience","Campus","Key Skills","Job Description"\],\["01","Accounts Executive","8+ years","ABBS","Accounting, Tally / ERP","First class B.Com from reputed institutions. To implement F & A Module in ERP, general accounting functions. 8 Years and above in Finance /Accounts in reputed organizations."\],\["01","LIBRARY ASSISTANT","1 YEAR","ABBS","Library Service","Must be well versed with academic library functioning. M.LiSc candidates with atleast 1 year experience in educational institutions preferred. Good communication and excellent computing skills must."\],\["01","FRONT OFFICE EXECUTIVE","5 YEAR","ABBS","Communication, telephone manners","Front Office responsibilities : incoming/outgoing calls, guiding visitors/parents/students, co-ordination during meetings/events. Female graduates with minimum 5 years experience in front office is preferred. Must have good communication skills and familiar with MS Office."\],\["01","HOSTEL EXECUTIVE","3-5 Years","ABBS","Hostel Management","Effectively manage the hostels ensuring timely service to students, attending to maintenance requirements, vendor management, ensure clean and healthy hostel environment. Male Graduates with minimum 5 years experience in hostel management/office administration preferred. Must be fluent in MS office with good communication skills."\],\["02","FIELD INVESTIGATOR","0-1 YEAR","ABBS","Data collection, compilation","As part of the project team, will be responsible for data collection from field and compilation of report. This is purely temporary assignment for a maximum duration of 06 months. Candidates should have MA with minimum 55% marks are eligible to apply. "\],\["03","ACCOUNTS EXECUTIVE","7+ year\\n","ABBS","Finance & Accounting, ERP","Responsible for day to day accounting functions in ERP. Candidate should be B.Com with minimum 7 years experience in medium/large organizations and handled entire gamut of accounts. Knowledge of ERP in addition to tally is preferable. Exposure to various financial analysis is preferred. "\],\["01","ADMINISTRATION EXECUTIVE\\n","3-5 Years","ABBS","General Administration\\n","Effectively manage hostel and transport department. Ensure Hostels offer timely service to students, attending to maintenance requirements, vendor management, ensure clean and healthy hostel environment. To supervise transport department including fleet management, vehicle maintenance, driver discipline, fuel/maintenance cost control. Male Graduates with minimum 5 years experience in office administration can apply. Preference to candidates who have prior exposure in hostel/transport management. Must be fluent in MS office with good communication skills including Kannada."\],\["02","ADMISSION COUNSELOR\\n","3-5 Years","ABBS","ADMISSION COUNSELING\\n","Attend to admission enquirers and counsel student/parent for admission. Male/ Female candidates with good communication skills with 3-5 years in admission counseling, customer service/relation preferred. Candidates who are willing for travelling also can apply."\],\["01","ADMISSION & MARKETING EXECUTIVE\\n","A graduate with Minimum 2 years experience in Marketing in Education sector","ABBS","Marketing, Organising events, Admission Counseling, Good communication\\n","a)\\tOrganising and participating in marketing events,\\nb)\\t Participating in education fairs\\nc)\\t Admission counseling, \\nd)\\tOutbound calls, follow-ups\\n\\nMale graduates with 2-3 years experience in marketing in reputed educational institutions. Good communications must. Willing to travel."\],\["02","ADMIN EXECUTIVE\\n","Min 5 years","ABBS","Transportation and Hostel Management","Ensure effective management of transportation services and hostel operations. Preferably a male graduate with 5+ years experience in transportation/hostel management/office administration. "\],\["03","HR & ADMIN EXECUTIVE","Min 5 years","ABBS","HR functions, Office Administration","Ensures implementation of HR systems. Overall administration of the campus including maintenance, security, transport, hostel,.\\nLocation : RT Nagar, Near Hebbal, Bangalore.\\nMale/female candidates with min 5 years experience in handling similar functions in medium/large organizations/institutions preferred. Must have good communication skills."\],\["04","LIBRARIAN","10 YEARS","ABBS","LIBRARY MANAGEMENT","Maintaining and updating library resources including digital resources, library service to students and faculty, \\n\\nMale candidates with M. Lisc and having experience of working in NAAC/NBA accredited institutions can apply. Should have good communication skills. Preference to candidates who can join at short notice."\]\]
